Improve quick start (#80)
transloadit/uppy.io: docs/quick-start.mdx

with any application. It’s fast, has a comprehensible API and lets you worry
about more important problems than building a file uploader.

:::tip

You can take Uppy for a walk inside CodeSandbox with a
[minimal drag & drop](https://codesandbox.io/s/uppy-drag-drop-gyewzx?file=/src/index.js)
experience or a
[full featured dashboard](https://codesandbox.io/s/uppy-dashboard-xpxuhd).

:::

<QuickStartLinks
	items={[
		{

> 			name: 'I want a full featured, extendable dashboard',

Reviewer: ```suggestion
			name: 'I want a full featured, extendable UI with drag-drop, file previews and upload progress',
```

Author: I need to keep the sentences short or it doesn't look as good / less readable

<img width="1042" alt="Screenshot 2023-03-22 at 13 57 08" src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/9060226/226911594-138bf397-fc64-4793-975c-b0893c48994e.png">

			description: 'Learn more about the Dashboard',
			link: '/docs/dashboard',
		},
		{
			name: 'Which uploader do I need?',
			description: 'Choosing the uploader you need',
			link: '/docs/guides/choosing-uploader',
		},
		{

> 			name: 'I want to download from remote sources',

Reviewer: ```suggestion
			name: 'I want to add files from remote sources like Google Drive or Dropbox',
```
